Added some wording for the init function. (#74)
NVIDIA/libcudacxx: docs/api/synchronization_library/barrier.md

> cuda::barrier<cuda::thread_scope_block> c;

Reviewer: What does this default/value/trivial initialization do for barrier? 

`std::barrier` only has the constructor `barrierbarrier(ptrdiff_t expected, CompletionFunction f = CompletionFunction());`

What is the `expected` count set to when using default/value/trivial initialization?

```

> The class template `barrier` may also be declared without initialization in the `cuda::` namespace; a
> friend function `init` may be used to initialize the object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Variable declarations whose type is an instantiation of the `barrier` class template may be initialized with the friend function `init`.
```

I think the "class template `barrier`" is already declared in the `::cuda` namespace and cannot be re-declared there. What can be declared without initialization are variables whose type is an instantiation of that template.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Variables declared with a type that is an instantiation of the `cuda::barrier` class template may be declared without initialization; in such case, they must be initialized by calling a friend function `init` prior to any use.
```

How about the above?

Reviewer 2: Looking at my suggested change now, I think I'll want to tweak further, but that's a thing for tomorrow.

```c++
// Shared memory does not allow initialization.

> __shared__ cuda::barrier<cuda::thread_scope_block> b;

Reviewer: I don't know of a specification of the exact semantics of `__shared__` in CUDA C++ and how they interact with default constructors, but I imagine they are very similar to obtaining a pointer to a raw allocation with kernel lifetime, e.g., 

```c++
cuda::barrier<cuda::thread_scope_block>* b = ...points to uninitialized storage...;
```

where `init(b, 1)` acts like `new(b) cuda::barrier<cuda::thread_scope_block>{1}`.

Placement-new guarantees that the object will be initialized in place. Why do we need `init` ? Couldn't we implement the constructor as follows:

```c++
cuda::barrier<cuda::thread_scope_block>::barrier(ptrdiff_t expected) {
    init(this, expected);
}
```

and just use "placement `new`" for initializing barriers?

Reviewer 2: That is more or less what happens; but having non-experts write placement new expressions is probably not the greatest idea.

init(&b, 1); // Use this friend function to initialize the object.
/*
namespace cuda {

>   template<thread_scope Sco, class CompletionF>
>   __host__ __device__ void init(barrier<Sco,CompletionF>* bar, std::ptrdiff_t expected);
>   template<thread_scope Sco, class CompletionF>
>   __host__ __device__ void init(barrier<Sco,CompletionF>* bar, std::ptrdiff_t expected, CompletionF completion);

Reviewer: Why do we add two overloads of `init` instead of one with a default `CompletionF` ? 

```suggestion
  template<thread_scope Sco, class CompletionF>
  __host__ __device__ void init(barrier<Sco,CompletionF>* bar, std::ptrdiff_t expected, CompletionF completion = CompletionF());
```

Reviewer 2: I agree with Gonzalo that we should *document* this with just a single overload with `completion` defaulted.

The reason for why this is *implemented* as two overloads is that the friend functions are instantiated when you instantiate the class template, so that they can be found by ADL; and if `CompletionF` does not support default construction, the default argument is ill-formed and the entire program fails (even when you don't actually call `init`, if I remember how this works and what I encountered here correctly).

Reviewer: That makes sense. 

The standard requires the default type of `CompletionF` to be `DefaultConstructible`, http://eel.is/c++draft/thread.barrier#class-6 , but it allows users to specify a non-`DefaultConstructible` one.

}
*/
```

> - Expects: `*bar` is trivially initialized.

Reviewer: If the intent is to exhibit undefined behavior if this condition is not met: 

```suggestion
- Preconditions: `*bar` is trivially initialized.
```

See: https://eel.is/c++draft/structure.specifications#3

> - Effects: equivalent to initializing `*bar` with a constructor.

Reviewer: Which constructor? Arguable there is only one:

```suggestion
- Effects: equivalent to initializing `*bar` with `barrier::barrier(expected, completion)`.
```
